Title: text-1

----

Text:

The vision behind Revision is to create a space in which like-minded people are free to connect and interact about things that matter. To ensure that we connect and populate the Revision space with the right people and to ensure that those within the space experience the desired levels of engagement, we need to know more about our members. What this means for anyone signing on to the Revision Website (the ‘Site’), is that we will be collecting personal data about you from you and from others.

Our privacy policy is designed to ensure that we collect and use any personal data in accordance with both legal and social imperatives. It is important to us that you understand which data we collect about you, why we collect such data, what we do with such data; and that you consent to this. Our data privacy system has been designed based on the EU General Data Protection Regulation and all of the rights and protections afforded by it.

No under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register with Revision or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.

Changes to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time by posting an updated version on the Site.

Your Consent. By using or accessing the Site in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the ways set out.

Data Controller. In relation to all of the personal data which we collect about you, the data controller of that information is amatus GmbH. This means that it is amatus GmbH that determines why, how and under which conditions personal data will be processed. Our representative is Morris Clay. If you need to contact him in relation to any matter connected with this Privacy Policy, here are his contact details: morris@revision.io.

Why we collect and process personal data about you. All of the data we collect about you is to help us create a collaborative space, in the form of the Revision Summit, which maximizes the synergies between people. We will use the data collected to select individuals to attend the Revision Summit, to analyze your connections, and to better connect individuals before, during and after the Summit. We will also use data submitted by you to set up your Revision account and profile, as well as to analyze how you use our Site. We may also communicate with you if you've provided us the means and consent to do so.

Legal basis for data processing. For all of the data we collect about you, we rely on your consent. If you do not consent to us collecting any of the categories of data which we mention in this Privacy Policy, you are free to not provide us with your consent by not accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to us processing your personal data, then you will not be able to access our Site or participate in the Revision Summit. By consenting to this Privacy Policy, you are consenting to us processing all data which we refer to in this Privacy Policy Statement.

Some of the data which we may process about you may be to perform on a contract, for example, should you purchase tickets to attend the Revision Summit or other related events. In such cases, the legal basis would also be that we need to process you data to perform on the contract between you and us.

It is important that you understand that you are under no obligation to provide us with any personal data. Use of the Site however, is subject to provision of the personal data and the service offered by Revision is based on the processing of personal data.

Which personal data we collect about you. We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. If you choose to login to our Site using Facebook or Google we will have access to, collect and process certain personal data held by those sites and we may display this information in your Revision account. If you choose to log in using Facebook, we will collect your Facebook login account details, your first name, last name and profile picture. If you choose to log in using Google, we will collect your Gmail login details, first name, last name and the header information on your emails. This information is collected in order to better understand you and your connections. If you choose to create new login credentials, we will use and store any name, email, and password provided by you.

Information Collected Automatically. Whenever you interact with the Site, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your IP address, geolocation data, device identification, "cookie" information, the type of browser and/or device you're using to access our Site, and the page or feature you requested. "Cookies" are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features on our Site are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device's acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features.

If you click on a link to a third-party website or service, a third party may also transmit cookies to you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties, and we aren't responsible for their privacy policies and practices. Please be aware that cookies placed by third parties may continue to track your activities online even after you have left our Site, and those third parties may not honor "Do Not Track" requests you have set using your browser or device.

We may use this data to improve the Site or add additional features.

Third Parties with whom we share your data. We use third parties to collect and analyze data which helps us better understand use of the Site.

Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to understand how users engage with our Site. This means that when you connect to our Site, Google Analytics will collect, process and store data relating to your use of the Site and provide us with statistics relating to the usage of our Site. We may then use this information to better understand website traffic and use and to improve our Site or add additional features. You can find more information about how Google Analytics collects and processes data here.

Castos.com. Podcasts on our Site are hosted by Castos.com. Castos collects aggregated, anonymous statistics in relation to podcasts in order to provide us with listener data. They log information about each download of an episode including data like IP addresses and user-agents and provide us with a listener analysis. IP addresses are all hashed when stored so none of this data is personally identifiable.

Payment processors. We may use a payment processing company to receive and process your credit card transactions for us.

Business Transfers: We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or transfer customer information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, personal data could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.

The period for which we will store your personal data. We will store at least some of the personal data collected on you until you delete your account with us.

Is the personal data I provide secure? Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal data by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.

We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other personal data we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.

Your rights –

Access to your personal data: You have the right, at any time, to request from Amatus GmBH, access to the personal data we hold on you.

Rectification of your personal data: You have the right, at any time, to request that Amatus GmBH, rectify any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold on you.

Erasure of your personal data: You have the right, at any time, to request from Amatus GmBH, that we erase any personal data we hold on you.

Restriction of processing: You have the right, at any time, to request from Amatus GmBH, that we halt processing of any personal data we hold on you.

Object to processing: If you have consented to us processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing for such purposes. You are free to unsubscribe to such marketing at any time by clicking on the link provided at the end of the respective marketing. Alternatively, you can withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes by deactivating the option in your profile settings.

Data portability: If you would like to receive a copy of the personal data we have on you, we will be able to provide you with this in a machine-readable format. If you would like us to transfer your data to a different controller, we would do this where it is technically feasible.

Withdrawal of Consent: You have the right, at any time, to withdraw your consent to process your personal data. This will not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before the withdrawal.

Lodging a complaint with our supervisory authority: If you believe that the processing of your personal data infringes on any of the rights afforded you by the GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in your regular place of residence, your place of work, or the alleged place of infringement.

----

Size: small

----

Image: false

----

Downloads: 

----

Condense: false

----

Snippet: text

----

Line: false